CS22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Review Meeting for Design Specification
Persons present: mam148, mat78, bhw
Place and date of meeting: Group Discord Voice Channel, Monday 28th March 2022

Circulation list: bhw, mam148, mat78
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 28th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
==============
CHECKLIST FOR ALL DOCUMENTS
Questions to ask:
1. Do all formal project documents have the following information on the front cover:
• Title (indicating Group_name and nature of document)?
• Author(s)?
• Configuration Reference?
• Date when the latest version was produced?
• Version number (correct)?
• Document status (Draft, Release)?
• Name, Address of Dept and Copyright notice?
2. Does the header for the document contain title, version and status on each page?
3. Does the footer contain "Aberystwyth University / Computer Science" and "Page x of y" correctly?
4. Does the document contain specified sections:
• Contents
• Introduction: Purpose of document, Scope, Objectives
• <Main Body> with appropriate sections
• References
• Document Change History with Version, Issue No., Date, Sections Changed from Previous
Versions, Changed by
5. Are the sections numbered correctly from 1?
6. Are fonts appropriate in headers and in body text?

DESIGN SPECIFICATION REVIEW
Questions to ask:
1. Does the document meet the General Document Standards (see [5] and questions in appendix A)?
2. Does the design adequately address the overall architecture of the system?
3. Does the design show the interaction between the modules sufficiently?
4. Does the design give a correct interface for each module specified?
5. Is there sufficient information on difficult pieces of the design?
6. Will the design meet the requirements? This should be verified from the requirements mapping table,
and through examination of the requirements specification.
7. Do the reviewers understand the design?
8. Can the design be simplified?
9. Will the design lead to a maintainable system?
10. Could the design be modified to offer more opportunity for reusing existing software libraries?

Changes arising from review:
=========================

Changes to Design Specification to be made by mat78, dep22, asb20 and bhw.

Design Specification
==================
1.Introduction section needs to be added.

2.Sections needs to be numbered correctly.

3.Document history needs to be fixed.

4.Section "table mapping requirements onto classes" needs to be added.

5.Section "programs in the system" needs to be added.

6.Section "dependancy description" needs to be added.

7.Section  "detailed design" needs to be completed.

minutes by mam148