S22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except beh52, jco3, ivs2, dep22, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 3rd March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 3rd March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
Missing members

New business:
===========
1. Membership of group

Bagnall		Ash	asb20	 	 	 	 
Green			James	jag77	 	 	 	 
Hardman		Ben	beh52	 	 	 	 
Mazur			Mateusz	mam148	 	 	 	 
Owen			James	jco3	 	 	 	 
Plank			Dean	dep22	 	 	 	 
Setrom Hesby	Iver	ivs2	 	 	 	 
Traczyk		Maciej	mat78	 	 	 	 
Wanni Arachchige	Bhagya	bhw


Manager: Andy Starr, email: aos

2.Initial tasks

2.1 ONGOING Baggy and Dean will develop a plan for successful finishing the project.
ACTION: bhw, dep22

2.2 ONGOING Dean will prepare resources for design specification.
ACTION: dep22

2.3 ONGOING James G will carry on coding and implementing user interface with backend.
ACTION: jag77

2.4 ONGOING Ash and  James G will carry on prototyping the saving objects.
ACTION: asb20, jag77

2.5 ONGOING Ben will look into how user's card-privacy (how each player can only see their hand) 
will be implemented in the GUI
ACTION: beh52

2.6 ONGOING James O and Ben will join Discord - https://discord.gg/XJvyGJ96Q5
ACTION: bah52, jco3

2.7 Mateusz and Maciek will look at Use Case Document uploaded by bhw and
User Interface Presentation uploaded by dep22. They will check if it is fixed as mentioned
in minutes from review meeting (UISpecReviewMinutes.txt)
ACTION: mam148, mat78

2.8 Maciek, Mateusz, Dean and Baggy will meet and review Test Specification.
ACTION: mam148, mat178, bhw, dep22

2.9 Dean will prepare spreadsheet of initial tasks and time spent on these tasks.
If essential, he will allocate or reallocate tasks to other group members.
ACTION: dep22


AOB
===
1. NONE

Minutes by mam148