CS22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except beh52, jco3, ivs2, dep22, bhw, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 24th February 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 24th February 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
Missing members

New business:
===========
Manager: Andy Starr, email: aos

2. Project Manager will remind everyone about importance of these meetings


3. Initial Tasks

3.1 Baggy will upload Use Case document by tommorow (25th February 2022).

3.2 Mateusz and Maciek will look at SE.QA.01/02/03.
They will also look at all prepared tests and combine them in one file (as soon as you can).
ACTION: mam148, mat78

3.3 Mateusz, Maciek, Dean and Baggy will meet and review User Interface documents.
Mateusz is responsible for organasing the metting.
ACTION: mam148, mat178, bhw, dep22

3.4 Baggy and Dean will develop a plan for successful finishing the project.
ACTION: bhw, dep22

3.5 Dean will prepare resources for design specification.
ACTION: dep22

3.6 Ash and  James G will carry on prototyping the saving objects and player staff.
ACTION: asb20, jag77

3.7 James G will carry on coding, implement user interface staff with backend.
ACTION: jag77

3.8  Ben will look into how user's card-privacy (how each player can only see their hand) 
will be implemented in the GUI
ACTION: beh52

3.9 James O and Ben will join Discord - https://discord.gg/XJvyGJ96Q5
ACTION: bah52, jco3



4. Actions to note
 
4.1 Dean has uploaded the User Interface Mockups

AOB
===
1. NONE

Minutes by mam148
