CS22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except beh52, jco3, ivs2, dep22, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 24th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 24th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1.Initial tasks

1.1 Dean will prepare resources for design specification and will allocate
tasks for design specification between group members today (17th March).
ACTION: dep22

1.2 ONGOING Baggy and Dean will develop a plan for successful finishing the project
by Monday (21st March).
ACTION: bhw, dep22

1.3 ONGOING James G will carry on coding and implementing user interface with backend.
ACTION: jag77

1.4 ONGOING Ash and  James G will carry on prototyping the saving objects.
ACTION: asb20, jag77

1.5 All group members will do their tasks for design specification allocated
by Dean.
ACTION: mat78, dep22, bhw, jag77, asb20

1.6 Dean will get confident with Gitlab Issues and will allocate tasks between
group members to fix User Interface Specification before deadline.
ACTION: dep22

1.7 Dean will speak to Chris about skipping some of requirements from
group project because lack of people.
ACTION: dep22

1.8 ONGOING Dean will prepare spreadsheet of initial tasks and time spent on these tasks.
If essential, he will allocate or reallocate tasks to other group members.
ACTION: dep22


New business:
===========
Manager: Andy Starr, email: aos

1.Initial tasks

1.1 Dean, Baggy, Maciek and Ash will finish their tasks for design specification
before review meeting (28th March).
ACTION: bhw, dep22, mat78, asb20

1.2 ONGOING Dean or Baggy will speak to Chris about skipping some of requirements from
group project because lack of people.
ACTION: dep22, bhw

1.3 Baggy will put together all design specification sections done by other group
members by review meeting (28th March).
ACTION: bhw

1.4 Dean will get confident with Gitlab Issues and will allocate tasks between
group members to fix User Interface Specification and Test Specification
before deadline.
ACTION: dep22


AOB
===
1. NONE

Minutes by mam148