CS22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except beh52, jco3, ivs2, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: C57a, Thursday 10th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 10th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1.Initial tasks

1.1 ONGOING Baggy and Dean will develop a plan for successful finishing the project.
ACTION: bhw, dep22

1.2 ONGOING Dean will prepare resources for design specification.
ACTION: dep22

1.3 ONGOING James G will carry on coding and implementing user interface with backend.
ACTION: jag77

1.4 ONGOING Ash and  James G will carry on prototyping the saving objects.
ACTION: asb20, jag77

1.5 ONGOING Ben will look into how user's card-privacy (how each player can only see their hand) 
will be implemented in the GUI
ACTION: beh52

1.6 ONGOING James O and Ben will join Discord - https://discord.gg/XJvyGJ96Q5
ACTION: bah52, jco3

1.7 Mateusz and Maciek will look at Use Case Document uploaded by bhw and
User Interface Presentation uploaded by dep22. They will check if it is fixed as mentioned
in minutes from review meeting (UISpecReviewMinutes.txt)
ACTION: mam148, mat78

1.8 Maciek, Mateusz, Dean and Baggy will meet and review Test Specification.
ACTION: mam148, mat178, bhw, dep22

1.9 Dean will prepare spreadsheet of initial tasks and time spent on these tasks.
If essential, he will allocate or reallocate tasks to other group members.
ACTION: dep22


New business:
===========
Manager: Richard Shipman, email: rcs

1.Initial tasks

1.1 All group members will push their previous pieces of work to 
the dev folders from previous tutorial meetings.
ACTION: asb20, jag77, beh52, mam148, jco3, dep22, ivs2, mat78, bhw

1.2 Mateusz will add Matters arising section into review meeting minutes.
ACTION: mam148

1.3 Mateusz will update config_refs text file.
ACTION: mam148

1.4 All group members except Mateusz and Maciek will push their missing
blogs from previous weeks.
ACTION: asb20, jag77, beh52, jco3, dep22, ivs2, bhw

1.5 Dean will get confident with Gitlab Issues.
ACTION: dep22

1.6 Mateusz and Maciek will start thinking about unit tests in JUnit
and how to implement them from Test Specification.
ACTON: mam148, mat78

1.7 ONGOING Baggy and Dean will develop a plan for successful finishing the project.
ACTION: bhw, dep22

1.8 ONGOING Dean will prepare resources for design specification.
ACTION: dep22

1.9 ONGOING James G will carry on coding and implementing user interface with backend.
ACTION: jag77

1.10 ONGOING Ash and  James G will carry on prototyping the saving objects.
ACTION: asb20, jag77

1.11 ONGOING Ben will look into how user's card-privacy (how each player can only see their hand) 
will be implemented in the GUI
ACTION: beh52

1.12 ONGOING James O and Ben will join Discord - https://discord.gg/XJvyGJ96Q5
ACTION: beh52, jco3

1.13 ONGOING Dean will prepare spreadsheet of initial tasks and time spent on these tasks.
If essential, he will allocate or reallocate tasks to other group members.
ACTION: dep22


AOB
===
1. NONE

Minutes by mam148
