CS22120 Project: Group 11
Meeting: Review Meeting for UI Specification and Presentation
Persons present: mam148, mat78, dep22, bhw
Place and date of meeting: Group Discord Voice Channel, Monday 28th February 2022

Circulation list: bhw, mam148, mat78, dep22
Author: Mateusz Mazur
Date of minutes: 28th February 2022
Version: 1.0

Changes arising from review:
=========================

Changes to UI Spec to be made by bhw. Changes to UI Presentation to be made by dep22.

UI Specification
=================

1.Use case diagrams need to be added

2.Front cover including title, author, configuration reference, date when the latest version
was produced, correct version number, document status needs to be added

3.Header for the document containing title, version and status on each page needs to be added

4.Contents page need to be added

5.Correct footer with "Aberystwyth University/Computer Science"  and "Page x of y" 
needs to be added

6.Errors section needs to be fixed

UI Presentation
==============

7.The following functional requirements are not presently covered by the 
UI presentation, and need to be: FR7 (Port management), FR8(Flat Island Management)
FR12 (Attacking Rules), FR15, FR17

8.Presentation should indicate which uses cases are being covered


Minutes by mam148